# ️vibecode warning ⚠

this code was mostly generated by AI with only a few changes made by me. i kinda just told AI the API endpoints, how to parse the data, and what I needed on the website and it did pretty well with me only making minor adjustments.

# what's that .plist file?
it's a service (i have it running on my mac) to automatically refresh the ysws projects and hcb spending json to keep those up to date. apparently airtable cdn links expire every hour so it needs to stay up to date for screenshots to work.

# hey some of this data is inaccurate
this is the data i can get my hands on. if you've got suggestions on how to make this data better (or anything else about this), dm me (@aj) on the slack or email me.

# things that could be better
- in the scenario where a YSWS gets more money than is needed, and the rest is taken back by hq/a gappie (for their YSWS fund), it still counts as part of the total expenses (raised - balance) so it could lead to some things reporting more spending than they've actually spent. you could do this by ignoring transfers to hack_club_hq (category) hcb accounts. a warning before just ignoring all transfers: i think the shipwrecked hcb had to transfer to hq as part of island costs (and that's obviously not the same as unspent money, i think i might have to hardcode that though? maybe check if the transfer is named but that doesn't mean much).
- obv some of the data is just bad but this is just what i can get my hands on
- some projects just haven't made it to unified yet
